present here what I love where any
lenders that's holy airframe Ohio you
know he ji-hye post girl man everyone
hot dog let's go okay so then the other
thing is that it was a minimum one on
the ball yeah no I don't think either
tonight or did so this is what you're
going to have just gonna go put it on
behalf of this brings us catch him okay
you love that loosen it up great and
then then you go yeah I want you do it
first ok I'm just going to get here is
ready no hearts good for me to help I
don't know it's like it's haunted wait
so I'll do it then we'll ministry no I'm
not have any story you can win oh yeah I
know it's a food you can eat this my
mother quarter I'm different on the
drivers ok right not really is oh my god
oh that was all guys I was amazing i
missed it because he can I train that
was Missy really is your trim ring no I
gotta watch I didn't see you do it cuz
i'm waiting for mary carey no I'm not
doing I'm sorry upset you I don't know I
enjoy me your niggas time refuted the
absolute key with oysters don't look at
it don't think about what it looks like
is you get it eloquently touched with
horseradish and cocktail sauce a little
lemon juice and you leave the brine in
there and then
you just kind of mouth it you don't
really even chew it dude it's so fast I
can barely do late that was not bad
actually read but yeah great